Added Fork of PolyMC credit (#191)
PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher: README.md

Prism Launcher is a custom launcher for Minecraft that allows you to easily manage multiple installations of Minecraft at once.

> This is a **fork** of the PolyMC Launcher which is a fork of Multimc and is not endorsed by PolyMC or Multimc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a **fork** of the PolyMC Launcher which is a fork of MultiMC and it's not endorsed by either PolyMC nor MultiMC.
```
